Objects have some things in common

-They all have atributes (size, shaoe, color. weight...) and they all exhubit behavior (a ball rolls, bounves, inflates)

-Object oriented design OOD: models software in terms similar to those that people use to describe real world objects.



Number-to-object mnemonic technique

ASsociate each digit 0-9 with a specific sound, consonant or something


why use objects?
Encapsulation:bundling data and methods together, restricting direct access to an object's internal state.

Abstraction: Hiding complex implementation details and explosing only necessary functionality.

Modularity: breaking programs into reusable, self contained units.

--------
Languages like C++ are object oriented.

- Programming in such a language is called object oriented programming, and it allows you to implement an object oriented design
as a working software system

-Languages like C, on the other hand are procedural.

-In C: The unit of programming is the functionan

c++: The class
----------
Lets say we want to have an object called lecture. Each lecture has a name, a duration. If we want to pritn it

void printLecture(const string& title, int duration){
    ...
}

Lets say we have a course which has many different lectures. We could create 2 vectors -> one which holds all of the titles (strings),
and the other holds durations (int)

^
This is really bad for scalability
-----
Intruduce structures:
A struct in C++ is a user-defined data type that groups related variables (called members) under a single name

Members: Variables or functions defined within the struct
Purpose: Used to bundle related data and, optionally, behaviors.

struct StructName {
    ..
}

or

typedef struct StructName{
        ...                                          (more useful generally)
}






----------


Data Field Encapsulation

*Making data fields private protects data and makes the class easy to maintain.

Encapsulation is specifically referencing having private data.

To prevent direct modifications of properties, you should declare the data field private, using the key word.